Add a preamble to the tutorial to introduce domain-specific language (#2954)
ocaml/ocaml.org: data/tutorials/language/1ms_02_dune.md

  - functors
---

> ## Introduction To This Lesson

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Introduction
```

Dune provides several means to arrange modules into libraries. We look at Dune's mechanisms for structuring projects with libraries that contain modules.

This tutorial uses the [Dune](https://dune.build) build tool. Make sure you have version 3.7 or later installed.

In the following toy project, we will be creating a simple OCaml library for the World Meteorological Organization, with its subject being clouds.

> We will be using unique terms for different elements of our project to make the examples clear and unambiguous. For example, if a directory contains a `cloud.ml` file we could name the directory `cloud`, however this may be confusing in our examples below.

Reviewer: This explain motivation, that was missing. Great suggestion, thanks

The terms we will be using are:

- WMO (World Meteorological Organization):
  - a specialized agency of the United Nations (UN) responsible for promoting international cooperation in meteorology, climatology, hydrology, and related geophysical sciences.
- Cloud:
  - a cloud is a visible mass of tiny liquid water droplets, ice crystals, or both, suspended in the atmosphere.
- Nimbus:
  - a type of cloud associated with precipitation.
- Stratonimbus
  - A nimbostratus cloud is a multilevel, amorphous, nearly uniform, and often dark-grey cloud that usually produces continuous rain, snow, or sleet, but no lightning or thunder.
- Cumulonimbus:
  - a type of cloud that is fluffy and white and produces rain
- Altocumulus
  - a cumulous cloud at high altitude that does not produce rain
- Mixtli:
  - the word for *cloud* in Nahuatl (also known as Aztec)
- Nube:

>   - the word for *cloud* in Spanish

Reviewer: Summarize this into a one or two block.

This tutorial uses the [Dune](https://dune.build) build tool. Make sure you have version 3.7 or later installed.

> In the following toy project, we will be creating a simple OCaml library for the World Meteorological Organization, with its subject being clouds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following toy project, we create an OCaml library for the World Meteorological Organization, with clouds as its subject.
```

What is your opinion on this instead?

> We will be using unique terms for different elements of our project to make the examples clear and unambiguous. For example, if a directory contains a `cloud.ml` file we could name the directory `cloud`, however this may be confusing in our examples below. For example, we will use the Spanish word "nube" and the [Nahuatl](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nahuatl) word "mixtli", where both terms mean "cloud".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use unique terms for different elements of our project to avoid ambiguity. For instance, the directory containing the file `cloud.ml` isn't named `cloud`. A different term is used. We also use the Spanish word "nube" and the [Nahuatl](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nahuatl) word "mixtli," where both terms mean "cloud."
```

What about this one?

> **Note**: The other terms we will be using are classifications of clouds. These include "[cumulus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cumulus_cloud)" (fluffy clouds), "[nimbus](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/nimbus)" (precipitating clouds), "[cumulonimbus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cumulonimbus_cloud)" (fluffy clouds that precipitate), "[stratonimbus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nimbostratus_cloud)" (flat, amorphous clouds that precipitate), and "[altocumulus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Altocumulus_cloud)" (high altitude fluffy clouds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The other terms we use are classifications of clouds. These include "[cumulus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cumulus_cloud)" (fluffy), "[nimbus](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/nimbus)" (precipitating), "[cumulonimbus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cumulonimbus_cloud)" (fluffy and precipitating), "[nimbostratus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nimbostratus_cloud)" (flat, amorphous and precipitating), and "[altocumulus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Altocumulus_cloud)" (high altitude and fluffy).
```

This tutorial uses the [Dune](https://dune.build) build tool. Make sure you have version 3.7 or later installed.

In the following toy project, we will be creating a simple OCaml library for the World Meteorological Organization, with its subject being clouds.

We will be using unique terms for different elements of our project to make the examples clear and unambiguous. For example, if a directory contains a `cloud.ml` file we could name the directory `cloud`, however this may be confusing in our examples below. For example, we will use the Spanish word "nube" and the [Nahuatl](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nahuatl) word "mixtli", where both terms mean "cloud".

> .. note::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
```

Our markdown processor doesn't support this syntax

In OCaml, each `.ml` file defines a module. In the `mixtli` project, the file `cloud.ml` defines the `Cloud` module, the file `wmo.ml` defines the `Wmo` module that contains two submodules: `Stratus` and `Cumulus`.

Here are the different names:

> * `mixtli` is the project's name (it means *cloud* in [Nahuatl](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nahuatl)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `mixtli` is the project's name (it means *cloud* in [Nahuatl](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nahuatl).
```

In OCaml, each `.ml` file defines a module. In the `mixtli` project, the file `cloud.ml` defines the `Cloud` module, the file `wmo.ml` defines the `Wmo` module that contains two submodules: `Stratus` and `Cumulus`.

Here are the different names:

> * `mixtli` is the project's name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `mixtli` is the project's name (it means *cloud* in [Nahuatl](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nahuatl)
```

* `cloud.ml` is the OCaml source file's name, referred as `cloud` in the `dune` file.

> * `nube` is the executable command's name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `nube` is the executable command's name (it means *cloud* in Spanish).
```
